PyTorch-Transformers 1.0 - w. XLNet and XLM model - Standard API - Torchscript compatibility (#711)
huggingface/pytorch-pretrained-BERT: README.md

PyTorch-Transformers is a library of state-of-the-art pre-trained models for Natural Language Processing (NLP). The library currently contains PyTorch implementations, pre-trained model weights, usage scripts and conversion utilities for the following models:

- **[Google's BERT model](https://github.com/google-research/bert)** released with the paper [BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional Transformers for Language Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.04805) by Jacob Devlin, Ming-Wei Chang, Kenton Lee and Kristina Toutanova.
- **[OpenAI's GPT model](https://github.com/openai/finetune-transformer-lm) released  with the paper [Improving Language Understanding by Generative Pre-Training](https://blog.openai.com/language-unsupervised/)** by Alec Radford, Karthik Narasimhan, Tim Salimans and Ilya Sutskever.
- **[OpenAI's GPT-2 model](https://blog.openai.com/better-language-models/)** released with the paper [Language Models are Unsupervised Multitask Learners](https://blog.openai.com/better-language-models/) by Alec Radford*, Jeffrey Wu*, Rewon Child, David Luan, Dario Amodei** and Ilya Sutskever**.

> - **[Google/CMU's Transformer-XL model](https://github.com/kimiyoung/transformer-xl)** released with the paper [​XLNet: Generalized Autoregressive Pretraining for Language Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.08237) by Zhilin Yang*, Zihang Dai*, Yiming Yang, Jaime Carbonell, Ruslan Salakhutdinov, Quoc V. Le.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Google/CMU's Transformer-XL model](https://github.com/kimiyoung/transformer-xl)** released with the paper [Transformer-XL: Attentive Language Models Beyond a Fixed-Length Context](http://arxiv.org/abs/1901.02860) by Zihang Dai*, Zhilin Yang*, Yiming Yang, Jaime Carbonell, Quoc V. Le, Ruslan Salakhutdinov.
```

- **[Google/CMU's XLNet model](https://github.com/zihangdai/xlnet/)** released with the paper [​XLNet: Generalized Autoregressive Pretraining for Language Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.08237) by Zhilin Yang*, Zihang Dai*, Yiming Yang, Jaime Carbonell, Ruslan Salakhutdinov, Quoc V. Le.
- **[Facebook's XLM model](https://github.com/facebookresearch/XLM/)** released together with the paper [Cross-lingual Language Model Pretraining](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.07291) by Guillaume Lample and Alexis Conneau.

These implementations have been tested on several datasets (see the example scripts) and should match the performances of the original implementations (e.g. ~93 F1 on SQuAD for BERT Whole-Word-Masking, ~88 F1 on RocStories for OpenAI GPT, ~18.3 perplexity on WikiText 103 for Transformer-XL, ~0.916 Peason R coefficient on STS-B for XLNet). You can find more details on the performances in the Examples section of the [documentation](#documentation).

| Section | Description |
|-|-|
| [Installation](#installation) | How to install the package |
| [Quick tour: Usage](#quick-tour-usage) | Tokenizers & models usage: Bert and GPT-2 |

> | [Quick tour: Fine-tuning/usage scripts](#quick-tour-fine-tuning/usage-scripts) | Using provided scripts: GLUE, SQuAD and Text generation |

Reviewer 2: Broken link.
Should be : #quick-tour-fine-tuningusage-scripts
